Octave Online LLC values the privacy of our users.  In order to provide excellent software, we collect and save the following information:

- Scripts and other files you upload to or edit in Octave Online.
- Historical transcripts of Octave commands and output, which may be associated with your account or IP address.
- When using Email Sign In: your email address.
- When using Google+ Sign In: your email address, name, and basic Google account information, including gender and locale.

The above information is stored on Google Cloud Platform based on Council Bluffs, Iowa, USA.  Additional copies of the data may be stored as backups in other physical locations and not necessarily in the Rackspace network.  The information may be stored indefinitely.

Deleting a file from your account on your own may not constitute full deletion from our servers.  To inquire about full deletion, open a support ticket or send an email as described below.

Your activity in Octave Online is recorded by Google Analytics.  Google Analytics may use Google AdSense cookies in your browser to record demographics about the users of Octave Online, including, but not limited to, age and gender.  Note that this information is NOT personally identifiable.  You may opt out from Google Analytics by following the instructions on the following URL.

https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/

California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”): Under CCPA, Californian residents have the right to declare their preferences on the sale of data for advertising and marketing purposes. If you wish to change your preferences, click this link to launch our preference portal:

<div data-fuse-privacy-tool></div>

We use a third-party to provide monetisation technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here:

https://www.publift.com/privacy-policy

Unless required by law, we do not give or sell personally identifiable information to third parties. 

If your email address changes, you may open a support ticket asking to restore access to your account.  We will ask you questions about your old account to verify your identity.

Octave Online LLC reserves the right to send you email announcements about Octave Online.  Such announcements will be released only for major updates and reports.

Octave Online LLC may also save cookies to your computer.  These cookies help us keep you logged in during a session and between sessions.  Disabling cookies will limit the features we are able to provide.

To inquire about accessing or deleting personal data, or to ask questions about the privacy policy, you can (1) open a support ticket at https://octaveonline.uservoice.com, or (2) send an email to support@octave-online.net.
